(WIP with Ansel) Aa/programming workflow (#59)
Ada-Developers-Academy/ada-precourse-v2: 00-preparing-for-ada/02-workflow.md

# Programming Workflow

## MacOS 

An operating system provides the behind-the-scenes operations that allow humans to interact with computers. Some of these operations include:

> - allocating memory and storage to run scheduled tasks
> - enforcing security mechanisms and regulating the behavior of processes

Reviewer: maybe simplify these a bit?
```suggestion
- allocating system resources
- enforcing security and otherwise regulating how programs run
```

- providing common services and functionalities for software applications

> The [operating system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operating_system) we'll be using at Ada is **MacOS**, a unix-based operating system owned and distributed by Apple Inc. 

Reviewer: capitalization
```suggestion
The [operating system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operating_system) we'll be using at Ada is **MacOS**, a Unix-based operating system owned and distributed by Apple Inc. 
```

### !callout-info

## Updating Software

> We'll find that our Macs will need to update the operating system periodically to keep up with security and new features Apple builds. Generally, it is a good idea to update our Mac's software. The version of MacOS we'll use at Ada is **Monterrey**. Unless we make an announcement stating otherwise, we will use Monterrey for the entirety of the program.  

Reviewer: - writing out "it is" rather than contracting it to "it's" places undue emphasis on the "is". It implies a question of "in contrast to what". I would expect this spelled out version to come after a bunch of reason why we might _not_ want to update the software, but in the end, we decide that it _is_ a good idea to keep it up to date. Using "it's" is a neutral statement of fact.

```suggestion
We'll find that our Macs will need to update the operating system periodically to keep up with security and new features Apple builds. Generally, it's a good idea to update our Mac's software. The version of MacOS we'll use at Ada is **Monterrey**. Unless we make an announcement stating otherwise, we will use Monterrey for the entirety of the program.  
```

# Programming Workflow

## MacOS 

An operating system provides the behind-the-scenes operations that allow humans to interact with computers. Some of these operations include:
- allocating system resources
- enforcing security and otherwise regulating how programs run
- providing common services and functionalities for software applications

The [operating system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operating_system) we'll be using at Ada is **MacOS**, a Unix-based operating system owned and distributed by Apple Inc. 

### !callout-info

## Updating Software

We'll find that our Macs will need to update the operating system periodically to keep up with security and new features. To check our machine's MacOS version, we can go to the top left corner of our screen and click  > About This Mac. 

> 

Reviewer: for paragraph separation
```suggestion

<br>

```

> Generally, it is a good idea to update our Mac's software to the latest version by going to System Preferences > Software Update.

Reviewer: prefer it's when not contrasting with something that isn't. It is draws attention to the is rather than the statement.
```suggestion
Generally, it's a good idea to update our Mac's software to the latest version by going to System Preferences > Software Update.
```

| <kbd>alt</kbd> + <kbd>&#8592;</kbd> | move to the left, one word                                                                          |
| <kbd>ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>c</kbd>      | interrupt/stop a command                                                                            |

### !callout-info

## Command Practice & Tips

In the terminal, let's make a new directory and change our current directory to  this new one.

<br>

> First, let's enter `cd` or `cd ~` to go to the home directory. To double check our current path, enter the command `pwd` which should display our home directory path `Users/<your_username>`.

Reviewer: - include / in the reported path
```suggestion
First, let's enter `cd` or `cd ~` to go to the home directory. To double check our current path, enter the command `pwd` which should display our home directory path `/Users/<your_username>`.
```

<br>

> After confirming that we're in the home directory, let's create a new directory using `mkdir` followed by the directory name `first_folder`. The command should look like: `mkdir first_folder`

Reviewer: Should this full command be prefaced with a prompt? I'm ok with letting it be, but something to consider.
```suggestion
After confirming that we're in the home directory, let's create a new directory using `mkdir` followed by the directory name `first_folder`. The command should look like: `$ mkdir first_folder`
```

<br>

> We can change our current directory using `cd` followed by the directory name. Rather than type the entire name of the directory, we can press the **tab** key to *autocomplete* the name for us!  For example, we can type `cd first` then press the **tab** key to see the terminal fill the rest of the directory name for us! Autocomplete is a handy feature that makes navigating the command line and code easier for developers.

Reviewer: - (super optional) consider using the kbd tag around tab?
```suggestion
We can change our current directory using `cd` followed by the directory name. Rather than type the entire name of the directory, we can press the <kbd>tab</kbd> key to *autocomplete* the name for us!  For example, we can type `cd first` then press the <kbd>tab</kbd> key to see the terminal fill the rest of the directory name for us! Autocomplete is a handy feature that makes navigating the command line and code easier for developers.
```

<br>

> And just like that, we've created the directory `first_folder`. When we enter `pwd` again, we should see its path as `Users/<your_username>/first_folder`. 

Reviewer: include initial / in path
```suggestion
And just like that, we've created the directory `first_folder`. When we enter `pwd` again, we should see its path as `/Users/<your_username>/first_folder`. 
```

$ python3 example_file.py
```

### Additional Resources

> - https://www.davidbaumgold.com/tutorials/command-line/

Reviewer: Suggest titling the link
```suggestion
- [Getting to Know the Command Line](https://www.davidbaumgold.com/tutorials/command-line/)
```
